[Music] Has
anyone caught the picture of delox and
nimu all covered in love today in
andorra Laisa has a butt that I
want to eat Lis a butt that I
want to eat I want to let it go damn
that butt is big babe I
wanna [ __ ] you in that ass that you have Go on move it Go on move it Go on move the butt Go on move the butt Go on move the butt move that butt move that ass move that
ass move that ass Go on move that ass Go on move toto Go on move to to up down up
down sueta how nice her tit is how nice her tit is how nice her
tit is how nice
her tit is Come on babe my
mother I'm seeing hot she's really
nice she has an incredible ass and
some incredible tricks Oh my God Holy they're
[ __ ] me aate already already since they're [ __ ] us let's see
this image I see it as a very
romantic image things as they are but it must be
said that nimu herself published it
because it's like a kind of joke
trolling that she made to the to the to the
gala okay she did this she did this
troll yes it's true yes it's true it
has its romantic touch But well it
's a troll it's a troll Let's
see what Micke Crab says because
Of course in the Delos podcast he was
saying that he didn't want with the elite
subscribers not so many and he accumulated
a few subscribers not so many how are you
Mike how are you hello good gr
a commitment eh You are not the youtuber more you
may be the
biggest Spanish speaking youtuber no no no no There
's still our little God Germán Oh and the
children's kingdom the children's kingdom Yes but you
know how it is a company we don't
count How many subscribers do you have
now myck I've lost count let's see I
think I have no I don't know 47 at least
million Ah 47 million people and you think
that the awards are the 47 million
subscribers
you There should be room for
example for YouTube content that is not
Stream I really like it like that I mean I
'm very calm I come here to
enjoy it Imagine if you make a
category for best youtuber or something like that
and I'm not nominated it would hurt me you know
Then I  it's like let them kill
each other of course You see it from the outside
and you say oh there let them burst come on
a little bit of Claro you are a
good [ __ ] let's see you guys Go to the evening I
come here public Do you think that the
awards should
also recognize the merit of the
youtubers who do not make live content
Yes let's see of course I don't know
heard Well it's not going to be like that because if
this gala lasts Imagine if the
youtubers piss And we start to put
instagramers tiktokers here this is going to go away not
instagramers and tiktokers well
instagrammer maybe yes but tiktoker it
depends well eh I don't know what's
going on right now I'm freaking out the
truth I think I'm going to sit here and I'm
going to
stay it's an event that is cool it's an
event that has a lot of work and so
on and it's a shame that it hasn't been
mentioned I think that specifically
this edition I think it has
cost Gref a lot of money okay I would
n't know how to calculate how much Because I don't know
how much it can cost to do eh what he has
done in  this time but has
lost money and has not recovered
100% of what was invested eh we are talking about
numbers that are a failure taking
into account the investment okay eh And
compared to previous years I don't
remember how much the first one had okay but I do
remember that the second one had a
peak of 10,000 I think it was 10,000
1,800,000 okay I think it was correct me
if I'm wrong what's happening in my
opinion for me well the third one I do
n't know why the truth is I think what
could go wrong what
could go wrong because the truth is It's still being
set up just as well eh they're trying the
same thing Oh friend who did
multistream today and on YouTube how much did he have
okay forgive me forgive me that data
escaped me of course hosa it seemed
too little to me on YouTube how much did he have
Hello churra The event was not up to par
on YouTube it had 74,000 the
golden minute Thank you very much friend let's see that I
would like these numbers okay but of
course This has a
big investment behind it I think
that I I  I would say that it has lost money,
okay, for several reasons, okay, Miria,
a kiss because this has a lot of
investment behind it And because it hasn't sold
tickets either, it didn't sell tickets, it didn't sell
tickets, so of course,
realize that normally with events,
for example, the evening was a sellout, I don't want a single
ticket, the
tickets were sold for very expensive prices, they all sold more than the
audience, okay, so the evening was
surely a hyper-millionaire profit,
hyper-mega-millionaire, okay, and
this, well, on an economic level, on a
business level, it has been a failure, okay, what
could have gone wrong? Well, I don't know
because I don't want to criticize something without
seeing it, and that's why we're going to watch it. Okay,
let's watch it. I'm not going to watch the
entire gala because what I just told you
is 5 hours and I can't watch 5 hours here
live. I'm going to react to the
Movistar account and the official
Premio hlan account here with you, apart from
well, seeing a few of the tweets and so on, not
that people are highlighting. Oh,
probably also later when we
finish watching the account. This one from
Movistar and from Premio hland that they compile,
I  I think the best moments or the
highlights not from the live show we'll take
a look at the live show and we'll take a
look at the red carpet and so on Okay,
what could have gone wrong? Well, for
me, having all the ingredients, Well,
I don't think it's that people got
bored because then by that rule
of three the evening wouldn't work either,
although it would have nothing to do with it, one thing
can be boring and another not, but I think
this is the the the proof. Although it's
quite redundant, no, and it's silly,
you have to explain this, but I think it was
obvious that one of the
main ingredients of these events
having such a huge audience, okay, so much, so much audience,
well, one
of the main ingredients is the
collaboration of everyone, many
audiences come together. In fact, for example,
Gref has been doing everything possible to get them to
go to the event, Jerry and
Cry, okay, he's been sucking up to them like crazy, like
crazy and they haven't
gone. Cry and Jerry haven't gone, okay,
personally, what do I think? Well, that they
don't, that they don't give a [ __ ]
about hanging out with these people and they
know very well, so  gref wants them to
go you know m if it had caught him
A year or so ago cay would have gone
okay but of course right now Well no longer
total the peak of viewers we could
say that adding YouTube and adding
Twitch Okay and adding all the
platforms that I think was also
vertical on tiktok the peak has been half a
million Sharon Natalia Thank you very much the
peak has been half a million we
would like it no we would like to
have half a million eh in some
special live we did
but but for what they are I think it's
a failure okay for what they eh
Maybe they expected I think caprin is a
failure eh I'm already since
what happened I'm already since what happened
cimin as if she believed me like a certain
image of her okay eh
this girl is not very bright I mean look at the
nonsense she says hey is that
your thing about calling us pretty or what Because I
feel good I mean what the [ __ ] did you say
caprin I mean she's got
firefighter stuff caprin min goes and tells her
gives the review gives the review okay I mean
no  it's like telling a friend to
keep the secret no no d the
review goes and tells her that coku touched her
hand that he wanted to touch her I don't know what that he
wanted to touch her papay yota okay they
tell it in a Stream also without
saying names Dallas exposes her and goes
and starts to deny it affirming in other
live shows that she is hiding it so that they
allow her to join so that they don't close
doors on her in the Guay groups they manage to
reach the Guay group they put her to
present the hlan okay I feel sorry
for caprim min too but I don't
see that she has the makings of These are not
postures to present awards or what do you mean
Stand up straight look at the camera
and don't turn my side or turn your back on me I
don't know the truth this seems like a video of
the candle in the neighborhood Okay and go and
ask this This is one of those very
Spanish things it's very exciting Hey I want to
ask a question is that one of those very
Spanish things or is it your own thing that about us
guapa and so on because if it's Spanish to
tell people guapa if it's
Spanish or only  from wanar Well look
if you look pretty eh well They'll tell you that you look
pretty They might also say it as
a compliment And
if you go
like I tell you like Paco porra in
disguise Well maybe he doesn't say it
but it's true I mean you can't say such a
stupid thing, why the [ __ ] do you
ask, very very very very Spanish Yes,
very Spanish, no, me because I've seen you
from there and I've seen you beautiful with
a special shine and I had it
that no no no Adel, nice He's nice
Yes yes but no No, really you look
spectacular and so on, bathing, not being up to
par but very casual I mean, let's see,
guar guar guar with love eh I mean, I do
n't dislike this kid, I like him
but damn, you went to the
hland as if you had gone down to
Mercadona for a liter of
[Music]
milk